provide coco labels for different model variants (#2146)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: models/public/faster_rcnn_inception_resnet_v2_atrous_coco/faster_rcnn_inception_resnet_v2_atrous_coco.md

### Original Model

> 1. Classifier, name: `detection_classes`. Contains predicted bounding boxes classes in a range [1, 91]. The model was trained on the Microsoft\* COCO dataset version with [90 categories](../../../data/dataset_classes/coco_91cl_bkgr.txt) of object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Classifier, name: `detection_classes`. Contains predicted bounding boxes classes in a range [1, 91]. The model was trained on the Microsoft\* COCO dataset version with 90 classes. The mapping to class names provided in `<omz_dir>/data/dataset_classes/coco_91cl_bkgr.txt` file.
```

bounding boxes. For each detection, the description has the format:
[`image_id`, `label`, `conf`, `x_min`, `y_min`, `x_max`, `y_max`],
    where:
    - `image_id` - ID of the image in the batch

>     - `label` - predicted class ID, in range [1, 91] across following [labels](../../../data/dataset_classes/coco_91cl_bkgr.txt)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `label` - predicted class ID, in range [1, 91], mapping to class names provided in `<omz_dir>/data/dataset_classes/coco_91cl_bkgr.txt` file
```
